# puzzleVrGame-repo

Made by: Francis Tremblay pelletier

All models (except trees), scripts are made by me

What is puzzleVRGame (not final name):
	This is a personal project I started to better understand Unity and the XR interaction toolkit.
		It's a way for me to gain more knowledge on the process of game development, the tools used
		and to start learning Virtual Reality development.
	
	The goal of this project is to build a puzzle game (in the same vein as portal) that is focused
		on physics interaction. This is to mean that all movement and hand interaction are driven
		by physics, and all objects in the scene that one would reasonably think is interactable ]
		will be.
	

Setting up:
	This repo contains all necessary files to run the projects, just import into unity as you would
		a regular project. All autogenerated Unity files are excluded and will be generated locally.
	
	The XR Plug-in Management setting (in project settings) is set to use Oculus, you will have to 
		change this if you are using a different headset
		
		
Current progress / how to play.
	Currently, there is an office space that is lit and textured.
	
	Player can move with the left controller ("forward direction" is based on where the user is
		looking, can be set to user one of the controller hands in the editor as well)
	Player can jump by pressing the main button on the right controller.
	Roomscale movement is supported, with proper collisions still working even if not in center 
		of room.
	The hands are a work in progress, currently they are set up as configurable joints that try
		get to a certain position based on the grip/trigger input of the controllers with 
		projection setting turned on to precent too much seperation of the joints. Hands are moved
		with physics positionally and rotation is changed in the rigidbody directly to match controller 
		rotation (would like to change to using torque with a PID to make sure interaction with other
		objects would always work properly [knobs, handles, etc])
		
		The finger joints themselves stop (still a little wonky, work in progress) when they hit an object,
		and if the joint colliding has any child joints those stop as well to try and give a more realistic
		look to the hand interactions.

* That N64 face above the desk is a quick model of my friend, he's going to become a little bobble head